0.5.0 - initial release



0.5.9 - signal ABI bugfix, various cleanup and fixes:

sigset_t was wrongly defined as 1024 bytes instead of 1024 bits,
breaking the intended ABI compatibility with the LSB/glibc sigaction
structure. users should upgrade immediately and rebuild any libraries
or object files that might be using the incorrect definitions.

improved security against DoS with tcb shadow passwords by checking
that the file opened was really an ordinary file.

fixed a bug in the implementation of atomic ops that could have
allowed the compiler to incorrectly reorder them (in practice, gcc
with the default settings on i386 was not reordering them).

greatly improved conformance to the C and POSIX standards regarding
what the standard header files make visible. _POSIX_C_SOURCE is now
needed to get POSIX functions in standard C headers, and _XOPEN_SOURCE
or _GNU_SOURCE are required to get XSI interfaces or GNU extensions,
respectively.

many internal improvements have been made to the syscall-related code
in preparation for porting to x86_64 and other archs.



0.6.0 - x86_64 port, various important bugs fixed

new x86_64 (amd64) architecture port, contributed by Nicholas J. Kain,
along with PORTING guide. source tree layout and build system have
been improved to accommodate further ports.

various bugs that were introduced while making the headers respect C
and POSIX namespace standards have been fixed. conformance to the
standards has been improved.

fixed an inefficiency in qsort that triggered a bug (occasionaly
internal compiler error) in some versions of gcc.

fixed a major bug in the printf %n specifier that prevented it from
working and caused memory corruption.



0.7.0 - major improvements to posix conformance and completeness

implemented posix shared memory and semaphore interfaces.

implemented all remaining required pthread and clock interfaces.

major fixes to signal semantics.

greatly improved temporary file name generation for safety against
denial of service due to intentional name collisions.

added syscall wrappers for the linux inotify interface.

malloc(0) now returns a non-null pointer.

fixed printf %n specifier (again), pthread_once (it was always
hanging), and non-default-type mutex behavior.

added ucontext/sigcontext support in headers to facilitate building
libgcc with dwarf2 unwind support, and possibly other low-level tools.

improved musl-gcc compiler wrapper.

implemented many small missing functions here and there, minor header
fixes, etc.



0.7.1 - improvements to completeness, bug fixes

implemented flockfile, wprintf, and robust mutex functions.

fixed stack corruption bug in times(), minor header bugs, and some
error return value bugs in thread interfaces.



0.7.5 - new features, major optimization, and robustness

implemented POSIX timers.

optimized and simplified many thread-related functions.

eliminated resource leak races in thread cancellation. (almost all
existing implementations, including glibc, have these leaks.)

overhauled stdio implementation to take advantage of readv/writev for
reduced syscall load, and improved stdio's handling of error status.

added syscall header and interface for applications to use and
greatly simplified internal system for making syscalls.

strangthened tmpnam/tempnam/tmpfile filename generation and made the
straight C functions not depend on POSIX symbols.

fixed pthread cancellation ABI on i386 to match the LSB/glibc ABI

better double-free handling in malloc

various minor bug fixes



0.7.6 - major bug fixes

fixed rare but serious under-allocation bug in malloc.

fixed signedness bug in strchr that prevented finding high bytes.

fixed serious parsing bugs in strtold.

fixed statvfs syscall (it was always failing with EINVAL).

fixed race condition in set*id() functions with threads (possible
deadlock). further audit still needed though.

fseek no longer sets the stream error flag on failed seeks (this was
wrong and broke some programs, notably GNU m4).

nl_langinfo is no longer a dummy function. (the functionality was
previously implemented but accidentally left unused).

various small fixes have been made to the implementations and
prototypes for nonstandard and obsolete functions



next release - more bug fixes

fixed floating point formatting and rounding bugs in printf.

fixed broken %N$ positional argument specifiers in printf.

fixed misaligned read/overread bug in strchr which could lead to
crashes scanning tiny strings at the end of a page when the next page
is not readable, or on archs (not yet supported) that forbid
misaligned reads.

